# DataSciProject_SS2021
## Tasks
- For any given userID and venue_category_name, recommend the user 5 new locations that are of similiar category to the one that was specified.
- For any given userID, find 10 users who are similiar to the specified user.
- For a given set of 5 userIDs and their randomly selected locations from data, recommend a place where these 5 peoplecan meet. The recommended place must be relatively close to each one of the 5 userIDs.

## Data
I was using a well-formatted Table of Data, with the columns "user_id", "venue_id", "venue_category_id", "venue_category_name", "latitude", "longitude", "tmz_offset", "utc_time". The Data can be found in the project3_data.txt file.

You can find three other files in the Project3_Data Folder: "df_freq.csv", "similarity_matrix.csv" and "user_means.csv". All of these files are generated by the program itself, so you can generate them again to verify that they are computer-generated.

To generate the files again, go to the main function of the "main.py"-File, find the comment Block _Necessary Starts_, **disable** the comments in lines 655, 657, 658 and 660 then **enable** the comments on line 656, 659 and 661.

>After you have generated the files yourself, please revert the changes done in the prior step so the files aren't generated everytime you run the program.

## How to run

Fill the parameters in lines 665 and 666 (and optionally in 667, this parameter is only a filename-extension). With the desired data.

*test_user* (line 665) requires the userID you want to use for tasks 1 and 2.

*test_word* (line 666) requires the categoryID you want to use for task 1.

The user array you need for task 3 is automatically set as the users recommended in task 2. If you want to specify your own array of userIDs you can of course do that too.

## Required Modules
To start this program you require the following modules:
- _pandas_
- _numpy_
- _re_ (regular expressions)
- _gensim.downloader_
- _matplotlib_

When you generate the files yourself, the program also downloads a pre-trained word-vector model (via _gensim.downloader_) hence the runtime of the program when you generate the files is way worse than the runtime you should encounter when you use it.